Update README.rst (#33)
dcermak/rpm-spec-language-server: README.rst

   pip install --user dist/rpm_spec_language_server-*.whl
   python -m rpm_spec_language_server

> The server requires file [`spec.md`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rpm-software-management/rpm/master/docs/manual/spec.md), which it can either use from the installed package `rpm` or (if the documentation has not been installed) from locally stored cached version of the file in `~/.cache/rpm/spec.md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server requires the `spec.md <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rpm-software-management/rpm/master/docs/manual/spec.md>`_ file. It can either use the locally installed copy from the ``rpm`` package or (if the documentation has not been installed) from a locally cached version in ``~/.cache/rpm/spec.md``.
```
